[docs] Update Explanation landing page to required standard (#4606)
canonical/multipass: docs/explanation/index.md

(explanation-index)=
# Explanation

The following guides provide conceptual context and clarification on the key topics related to using and configuring Multipass.

## Architecture

> These topics cover the core components and foundational concepts of how Multipass operates on your machine.

Reviewer: A simpler suggestion for your consideration, though I am OK with the original too:

```suggestion
These topics cover the foundations of how Multipass operates on your machine.
```

- [Service](explanation-service)
- [Driver](explanation-driver)

## Instances

These guides explain the lifecycle, storage, and identity of the virtual machines you create.

- [Instance](explanation-instance)
- [Image](explanation-image)
- [Settings keys and values](explanation-settings-keys-values)
- [Blueprint (removed)](explanation-blueprint)

## Using Multipass

Concepts related to interacting with, securing, and extending the functionality of your instances.

- [Multipass exec and shells](explanation-multipass-exec-and-shells)
- [Mount](explanation-mount)
- [Alias](explanation-alias)
- [Snapshot](explanation-snapshot)

## Security and performance

Technical background on protecting your environment and ensuring it runs efficiently.

- [About security](explanation-about-security)
- [Authentication](explanation-authentication)
- [ID mapping](explanation-id-mapping)
- [About performance](explanation-about-performance)

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:
:maxdepth: 2
:hidden:

reference-architecture
host
platform
service
driver
instance
image
settings-keys-values
blueprint
multipass-exec-and-shells
mount
alias
snapshot
about-security
authentication
id-mapping

> about-performance

Reviewer: What is the goal here? This looks a little strange in the markdown rendering: https://github.com/canonical/multipass/blob/f890cb769b68210ec4b34e1db3e11d05e49262d7/docs/explanation/index.md#security-and-performance
